Lin Ze has a smart nose
Know that you are running for God here today
So it smells like a pug and comes
That is disgusting.
Came here to campaign today
But they are all young leaders of lobsters
Even I have to take a step back sensibly
You're the one looking at the door
I'm sorry to come and join in the fun.
Your brain was kicked by a donkey, right?
It seems that the lesson I taught you last time was not heavy enough
No long memory yet
Do you really think of yourself as Long Shuai?
Zhou Gongzi told me everything
On the day of the lark, Lord Long Shuai was no longer stiff at all
You openly impersonated him
I don't think you'll live long
Even if I really am what you think
I still don't take you seriously
Still pretending, right?
Somebody kick this nasty leather out of me
Zhou Heng
Who gave you the right to be in this touching
Lord Feng Named Hou
God of Fighters
The selection criteria for the general is that the capable are first
It has nothing to do with identity
What's more, Mr. Lin is still my noble
If you dare him, isn't that equivalent to daring me?
Ah, dare not!
Wait for Uncle Zhuang to revoke your job
I will ruin this woman's reputation
Don't give me an apology to Mr. Lin
Why did he apologize?
He seems to be the second young master of the Wang family
The Wang family is one of the three clans under the dragon
Second Young Master Wang is the leader of the new generation
If even he comes to the election
Then our chances are slim
Long time no see Hua Qiyue
I thought you were just like your appearance
So clear and clean
I didn't expect to keep this little white face behind my back
I'm surprised.
What are you saying?
What are you faking?
People are right here
I'd like to see you guys
What else to say